README.md, before:

# Paimon Bot
Your number one travel companion in Genshin Impact.

Paimon is a discord bot that helps Genshin Impact players plan their farming routine, calculate their DPS, or get info from wiki among other useful commands.

## Development Setup

1. Download and install [nodejs](https://nodejs.org/en/download/).
2. Clone [this repository](https://github.com/CjayBillones/paimon).
3. Create your own bot application in [discord](https://discord.com/developers/applications) so you can get your own bot token.
4. Create a `.env` file in the root folder of the project then add your own token.

```
# .env file

TOKEN = "<INSERT YOUR TOKEN HERE>"
```

5. Add your own bot to a discord server (you can make a dev server for testing your bots).
6. Run `npm install` to install node packages.
7. Run `node index.js` then check if the bot will go online in discord.

## UID Link
The `?uid` command allows you to link a discord user to a given Genshin Impact UID. This would require you to have a linked firestore database and add your credentials to the env file.

### Required .env Variables
```
FIREBASE_API_KEY
FIREBASE_APP_ID
FIREBASE_PROJECT_ID
```

## Autoswipe
This `?swipe` command is a special command that's being used by our server. It requires a specific Google sheet for it to become usable on your own server. However, this is not yet available for other servers to use. If anyone is interested in setting this up on your own server, please leave a Github issue.

Commit message:

Add firestore doc link and wish command doc

README.md, after:

# Paimon Bot
Your number one travel companion in Genshin Impact.

Paimon is a discord bot that helps Genshin Impact players plan their farming routine, calculate their DPS, or get info from wiki among other useful commands.

## Development Setup

1. Download and install [nodejs](https://nodejs.org/en/download/).
2. Clone [this repository](https://github.com/CjayBillones/paimon).
3. Create your own bot application in [discord](https://discord.com/developers/applications) so you can get your own bot token.
4. Create a `.env` file in the root folder of the project then add your own token.

```
# .env file

TOKEN = "<INSERT YOUR TOKEN HERE>"
```

5. Add your own bot to a discord server (you can make a dev server for testing your bots).
6. Run `npm install` to install node packages.
7. Run `node index.js` then check if the bot will go online in discord.

## UID Link
The `?uid` command allows you to link a discord user to a given Genshin Impact UID. This would require you to have a linked [firestore](https://firebase.google.com/docs/firestore) database and add your credentials to the env file.

### Required .env Variables
```
FIREBASE_API_KEY
FIREBASE_APP_ID
FIREBASE_PROJECT_ID
```

## Auto Swipe and Wish
The `?swipe` and `?wish` commands are special commands that're being used by our server. They require a specific Google sheet for them to become usable on your own server. However, these are not yet available for other servers to use. If anyone is interested in setting this up on your own server, please leave a Github issue.
